hey guys and girls what's going on in
this video we're gonna begin the trophy
upgrade master for neap speed rivals
there's details for this trophy say
upgrade all cop pursuit tech and one car
to maximum level and equip both sides so
as you can see I am ranked little team
that for this now this is how I did on
the PlayStation 3 I just accidentally
did this and glitched it but it's not
technically glitching it is actually way
to do it so you can just go on to your
upgrades when you get to rank little
team and you can just like put these in
and then just like say equip them and
equip them and you will get the trophy
of great master now that's not how the
trophies meant to be god yes gotten
beaten but that's how I got it so that's
what you could do and you can also do
that if you go past past rank liberal 21
and then you just go down to that setup
and you can just have that car because
that's a car that you have to use for
rank level 10 and then also what you
could do is you could do it for
real-life so what you want to really do
is you need around about a million speed
points to upgrade an entire car and they
have to do it to a car that can have
pursuit tic level 4 so you have to
upgrade everything to Pursuit tech level
4 and then once you do that you also
have to equip something so as you can
see I own equipped something after I
have upgraded everything and then what
you want to do is just want to up equip
something and you'll get the trophy like
that that's how I got it on the
PlayStation 4 and that's all you have to
do to get this trophy it's a gold trophy
it's pretty simple to do it just can be
take a lot of time because you need a
lot of speed points if you do it the
proper way
but if you do it kind of like the
cheating way that I don't know existed
it until I did accidently is that you
just go to the the career part and you
just go down to rank level 10 area and
then you just you know get the the
trophy like that you just grab that car
because you have to use that car and
then you can just swap out the pursuit
tech and it will give you the trophy
like that so that's all I'm going to say
for this trophy so thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed it
hopefully you'll be able to get the
trophy and now it's time for me to say
see you guys and girls